look you don't next up we got the four
from mike what's up man if you watch
actually this is mike st Mike if you
watch Mike's video i want to open the
case he only got a one box break you'll
see I just wrote numbers on yours
because I didn't know if you wanted them
ship or whatever anyway four three two
blasts off a line 11 we have a purple
Taiwan Jones number 2 75 Dylan garden AJ
Green and a quad jersey number 10 of 10
Daniel Thomas DeLong Carter Shane Vereen
ryan williams jersey to this one place
chatter might be the first patch yep it
is first patch will be Matt Ryan number
2 30 Greg little Charles woods hmm Matt
Ryan number two of five is jersey number
patch autograph 205 mr. our felt seven
might like that card I'll mail it to him
just kidding Mike's like yeah do that
that works
okay purple Jim montaigne 75 face it 49
ok Terry Bradshaw dmac and Jordan Todman
250 red version purple 75 rewrite Greg
Jennings peyton hillis and Tim Tebow
nine of 20 red version cool so that'll
do it Mike preciate mean as always I
won't get these on the way sometime
today see ya